Update shopify.md (#197)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sources/shopify.md

Amplitude’s app with Shopify is a smart analytics app that automates eCommerce tracking. With Amplitude’s app, you can automatically track and ingest key e-commerce events, event properties, and user properties on a Shopify or Shopify Plus store.

### Client-side (device mode) tracking

> During the installation process, Amplitude Shopify App adds the code snippet to all pages (included in theme.liquid) on your Shopify store. The benefits of this approach include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During installation, the Amplitude Shopify App adds the code snippet to all pages (included in theme.liquid) on your Shopify store. The benefits of this approach include:
```

> - Amplitude’s JS SDK library is loaded on all pages, except for the checkout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Amplitude’s JS SDK library is loaded on all pages, except for the checkout.
```

Reviewer: Should this be "checkout page"? it reads a little awkward to me, but you're more familiar with the app and audience.

### Server-side (cloud mode) tracking

> During the Amplitude connection setup, our Shopify App also adds a set of webhooks to your Shopify store. When a customer interacts with your store these changes are relayed server-side from Shopify to Amplitude. The advantages to this approach are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the Amplitude connection setup, the app adds a set of webhooks to your Shopify store. When a customer interacts with your store these changes are relayed server-side from Shopify to Amplitude. The advantages to this approach are:
```

- 100% event capture for adds to cart, checkout steps, sales.
- Customer data (for example, email) securely relayed server-side.
- No extra scripts on the sensitive and secure checkout pages.

> - Accurate marketing attribution, even when customers use ad-blockers or cookie opt-outs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Accurate marketing attribution, even when customers use ad blockers or opt out of cookies.
```

> - More reliable and trustyworthy than client-side events (as it represents final, concluded transactions or states within Shopify).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More reliable and trustworthy than client-side events because it represents final, concluded transactions and states within Shopify.
```

## Considerations
- The Amplitude app is free to install.

> - You will need either an Amplitude Starter, Growth, or Enterprise plan to start sending data from your Shopify store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need an Amplitude Starter, Growth, or Enterprise plan to start sending data from your Shopify store.
```

- The Shopify App was built to solve the general use cases for most Shopify stores. We've designed a generalized Out of the Box Taxonomy to include events and properties that most Shopify stores would be interested in tracking. 
- We recommend leveraging our Amplitude SDKs or APIs in addition to this app if your Shopify Store has a high degree of in-built functionality or if you require instrumenting a lot of custom events outside our taxonomy list. 

> - All events sent by the Shopify app have the preheader `[Shopify]` to distinguish themselves from the custom events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All events sent by the Shopify app have the preheader `[Shopify]` to help distinguish them from custom events.
```

Reviewer: I think we typically refer to these "preheaders" like "the events are prefixed with ..." -- would prefer to be consistent here if it's accurate.

- Using Govern, you can change the display name and description for events, event properties, and user properties. You can also block, delete or filter out events and user properties.
- In addition, using [Govern](https://help.amplitude.com/hc/en-us/articles/360043750992-Govern-Manage-your-Amplitude-data-at-scale), you’ll be able to manage event types, properties, and user properties from a single interface.
- The Amplitude App doesn't interact with other third-party Shopify apps.
- If you have more than one Shopify store, you can use the same project and API key all of them. Or, you can use a separate project for each store. If you use separate projects, and you want to analyze or generate a holistic view of how your users interact with your entire product portfolio, you will need to purchase Amplitude’s [Portfolio add-on](https://help.amplitude.com/hc/en-us/articles/360002750712-Portfolio-Conduct-cross-project-analysis-in-Amplitude).

> ## Key Limitations

Reviewer: If these aren't steps, they should be bullets.

> 1) Each shopify store uses a particular theme to shape the online store experience for merchants and their customers. Currently Amplitude's Shopify App only installs this client-side snippet code to every existing theme in a store. However, if a customer was to add a new theme after the installation, it would mean the Amplitude code snippet would not be installed and certain client-side events will not be forwarded from Shopify to Amplitude. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each Shopify store uses a particular theme to shape the online store experience for merchants and their customers. Currently Amplitude's Shopify App only installs this client-side snippet code to every existing theme in a store. If you add a new theme after app installation, the Amplitude code snippet isn't added to the new theme and certain client-side events aren't forwarded from Shopify to Amplitude. 
```

> 2) Currently Amplitude's Shopify App code is not open-sourced which means we are not able to support specific customer use cases (such as custom event properties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Amplitude's Shopify App code isn't open source, and Amplitude isn't able to support specific customer use cases, such as custom event properties.
```

> 3) User identity User_ID is limited to just email and SHA-256. You are not able to customize or set your own identifier (User_ID).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User identity `User_ID` is limited to just email address and SHA-256. You can't customize or set your own identifier.
```

Reviewer: Does this mean we take email address **OR** SHA-256 hash? Or does this mean a hashed email address? I think we need to be more specific here.

> 4) Amplitude’s Shopify app does not track revenue event properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The app doesn't track revenue event properties.
```

> 5) Amplitude’s Shopify app does not track Order Fulfillment status events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The app doesn't track Order Fulfillment status events.
```

> 6) Amplitude’s Shopify app does not track Subscription events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The app doesn't track Subscription events.
```

> 7) Amplitude’s Shopify app does not track sales/return events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The app doesn't sales/return events.
```

Reviewer: Is sales/return a specific event type? Or is this Sales and Return events? We should be specific.
